content/pages/providers.md, before:

---
layout: providers
title: California Transit Providers
permalink: /providers
headline: California Transit Providers
image: https://dummyimage.com/354x360/d1dee3/fff.png&text=+

about: >
  This dataset includes known transportation providers in California, covering
  both public transit operators and special services that may not fall within
  standard definitions of transit. Each provider entry includes its headquarters
  city, counties where active, the associated National Transit Database ID
  (if available), the website URL, and key attributes from the NTD. It's
  currently limited to providers who operate their own services. This list is a
  living document that will be updated regularly with new service provider
  information. If you have comments, additions, or corrections to this dataset,
  please contact _____________________.

history: >
  This list was created in April, 2019, by consultant Trillium Transit under
  contract to Cal-ITP, and was compiled from a variety of sources, including
  Trillium contacts, State Controller's State Transit Assistance (STA) summary,
  American Public Transportation Association (APTA) database, California Transit
  Association (CTA) members, and the National Transit Database (NTD).
---
From commuter buses and light rail to on-demand paratransit, passengers want transportation that’s more technologically enabled, with real-time journey-planning information and tap-enabled fare payment.

To better understand the size and scale of opportunities for tech integration in transit, the Cal-ITP team has compiled a list of California’s transportation providers—336 and counting.

Explore all 336 on this interactive map, which offers just a taste of our full dataset—a free CSV download that includes fare revenues, fleet size, vehicle type and more.

Commit message:

add data package download button
store content in about markdown field, allowing H3 and above

content/pages/providers.md, after:

---
layout: providers
title: California Transit Providers
permalink: /providers
headline: California Transit Providers
image: https://dummyimage.com/354x360/d1dee3/fff.png&text=+

about: >
  This dataset includes known transportation providers in California, covering
  both public transit operators and special services that may not fall within
  standard definitions of transit. Each provider entry includes its headquarters
  city, counties where active, the associated National Transit Database ID
  (if available), the website URL, and key attributes from the NTD. It's
  currently limited to providers who operate their own services. This list is a
  living document that will be updated regularly with new service provider
  information. If you have comments, additions, or corrections to this dataset,
  please contact _____________________.

  ### Download the Data Package

  The data package includes the full dataset, data dictionary, and glossary as CSV files.

history: >
  This list was created in April, 2019, by consultant Trillium Transit under
  contract to Cal-ITP, and was compiled from a variety of sources, including
  Trillium contacts, State Controller's State Transit Assistance (STA) summary,
  American Public Transportation Association (APTA) database, California Transit
  Association (CTA) members, and the National Transit Database (NTD).
---
From commuter buses and light rail to on-demand paratransit, passengers want transportation that’s more technologically enabled, with real-time journey-planning information and tap-enabled fare payment.

To better understand the size and scale of opportunities for tech integration in transit, the Cal-ITP team has compiled a list of California’s transportation providers—336 and counting.

Explore all 336 on this interactive map, which offers just a taste of our full dataset—a free CSV download that includes fare revenues, fleet size, vehicle type and more.
